ReactJs Mini Project
Project Name: IMDB
 
Problem statement
Create a mini IMDB clone app. Use ONLY ReactJs,(you can use any css framework like Bootstrap).
Instructions
Use the OMDB API: https://www.omdbapi.com/
You are ALLOWED to style the app any way you like.
You are ALLOWED to google and read how to approach the problem.
DO NOT copy and paste code from the internet.
DO NOT cheat with other students. REMEMBER: These tests are for YOU so that you can learn something new. Cheating won’t help. It’s better to not submit the solution than to cheat and submit. PS: There will be a plagiarism check and when found cheating, you won’t be getting marks.
Once you have finished with the test, make a video recording your computer screen (via phone or a software like (drive) and explaining how you have approached the problem in code and showing the final product. The video can be UPTO 5 mins long. Please don’t record videos longer than that.
Upload and Host the code on github as well.
Once you have recorded the video, upload it on drive or wherever you want to upload it.
Hosting on vercel.com is compulsory, I will be rejecting the submission if not hosted!
 
Features (No need for extra features, just make the listed features)
Home Page
Search any movie from the API and display the search results on the frontend (as I type the search results should update, just like Google does for suggestions).
Each search result of the movie should have a favourite button, clicking on which the movie should be added to “My favourite movies” (a list).
On clicking any particular search result (any movie), open a new page with more information about that movie (movie page)
Movie Page
Should show information about the movie like its name, photo, plot, etc (these are must, rest you can add if you want).
My favourite movies Page
Display a list of all the favourite movies.
Make this list persistent (should have the same number of movies before and after closing the browser/refreshing the browser).
Remove from favourites button: Each movie should have remove from favourites button, clicking on which should remove that movie from the list.
 
Points on which the project will be judged
All functionalities mentioned above
Github
Readme.md file
Hosted code on Github
Code
Comments
Structuring of code
Indentation
Variables and functions naming
Styling
Design
Video (explanation about the project)
Creativity



Code or github
35
video without access
5
video with acess
5
video with output
10
video with audio
5
Design
10
Explaination of code and output
20
overal rating
10


100

